good morning this erase in hand
how long use per day to talk to
talk half an hour a day you know
that the threshold from which the risk starts
more consistent than health is indeed
yes or the sea earphone in the car
specifically for this reason a sebha
attached to the body when the dog turns
in the tub I bid for health is
a little surely worried no
because I use it just a little and therefore
because she doesn't care a little about it
bad for your health
because it hurts your health an hour a
day together this is a bit of a pain
and I imagine he uses some precautions
no it is fatalistic on average
at half an hour you know some say
that hurts from half an hour upwards is a
use at risk for radiation I do not know
that turns in half an hour you do or never does
feeling that warms your head a little
ear with gentle phone like
only for the heat no for the
I don't have those smartphones when
messages and phone calls
as little as possible because it hurts because
my head overheats me
very bad now it's comfortable it's so comfortable
so why give it to you if you think
what hurts hurts in the end
a little all I have not heard or read as well
on the internet but it is not that I have
worried that much
I am aware that it hurts so much it is
true that they keep it in the bag but it is on
chest but in the pocket
I take it with me only if I go home
sky almost always off so I don't
annoyance use the fixed
I know there are remedies to make it
less harmful and that is to throw it in the first one
sewer and attached the whole person
the day eh yes because currently for
as are the phones cimetti almost all
your life therefore accordingly
it is always advisable to carry it behind one of
night of one off
yes yes off ie those depends on
young people maybe I forget though you are
off I use the headset but not slow but
according to me it should be used
regular because these make
home frequencies who really uses it for
work that has been hours a day
in my pocket, as she does, she is there as well
near an important thing so if
however, the region is not on the iphone
I don't believe this to develop though
one goes to see if one begins so much
we are inundated with a dialect of manners
that make antenna for all mater
Vatican toasters broadcast radio
Vatican use it know it
but they pretend not to know it
people pretend not to know why
how I talked to her may be necessary
by now the telephone booths in the
they have taken it away
I think it raises high you do a little
too much alarmism about something does not create
a crush from the point of
opposing scientific view is not
so
so certain the room the question of
negative effects of radio frequencies
they're right now I'm talking to
speaking you can hear the radio on
mobile phone to always be on the phone is
something that I never liked on the
they give health they have said it all
or the truth is a bit under track
in the media on newspapers they hide below
there is what hurts what he does
well there probably aren't that
if more information were available
they would make even more conscious use
the companies that produce sell
mobile phones or telephony services
according to her they are sufficiently
transparent also for the risks to the
health just what not not
it is also never said because it would be a
a deterrent, therefore, certainly not
it is not the first thing as it is written
on cigarettes that do a lot of harm
to health
in short, he would have written though
cellular the new cienaga health
it would be too much
nobody but I don't think a market that
it would affect this has
surely he does not use the mobile phone ie
however, the cell still smokes
reason cellphone I didn't need was
useless that it was useless I don't need it
they use where they look for a time trial you can do
except to say you can do without
mobile phone to google phone
sings but so need to be attached
all alone go to a cell phone
no